// Compost colors for dyenamicsandfriends. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
comforts_amber_hammock, #da862d
comforts_amber_sleeping_bag, #f28d29
comforts_aquamarine_hammock, #5e8d79
comforts_aquamarine_sleeping_bag, #4a978e
comforts_bubblegum_hammock, #f484ae
comforts_bubblegum_sleeping_bag, #ff8ad6
comforts_cherenkov_hammock, #3ea1b5
comforts_cherenkov_sleeping_bag, #1fb1de
comforts_conifer_hammock, #c8d25a
comforts_conifer_sleeping_bag, #d9f465
comforts_fluorescent_hammock, #eedda2
comforts_fluorescent_sleeping_bag, #ffffc6
comforts_honey_hammock, #fbb550
comforts_honey_sleeping_bag, #ffcd55
comforts_icy_blue_hammock, #a8ded9
comforts_icy_blue_sleeping_bag, #aeffff
comforts_lavender_hammock, #e1a1d9
comforts_lavender_sleeping_bag, #fbb2ff
comforts_maroon_hammock, #aa301b
comforts_maroon_sleeping_bag, #af190f
comforts_mint_hammock, #a2dca4
comforts_mint_sleeping_bag, #a8ffc8
comforts_navy_hammock, #524e6f
comforts_navy_sleeping_bag, #3a4180
comforts_peach_hammock, #caa170
comforts_peach_sleeping_bag, #ddb183
comforts_persimmon_hammock, #d9612d
comforts_persimmon_sleeping_bag, #f15b29
comforts_rose_hammock, #fb4e66
comforts_rose_sleeping_bag, #ff4175
comforts_spring_green_hammock, #cfed8d
comforts_spring_green_sleeping_bag, #e1ffaa
comforts_ultramarine_hammock, #7d66d9
comforts_ultramarine_sleeping_bag, #7562ff
comforts_wine_hammock, #91475e
comforts_wine_sleeping_bag, #90376b
