// Compost colors for miniutilities. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
angel_ring, #ffffff
bat_angel_ring, #e8c58d
bat_wing, #837564
chorus_opinium_core, #d7e6e1
destruction_pickaxe, #d2dae0
diamond_opinium_core, #edfffe
emerald_opinium_core, #9aebb1
ender_dragon_angel_ring, #f1d3a4
ender_dragon_wing, #646464
ender_dust, #e0ffff
ender_lily_seeds, #feffff
erosion_shovel, #f2ffff
etheric_sword, #d2eaed
experience_opinium_core, #ffffee
experience_pearl, #ffffff
experience_pearl_1x, #ffffff
experience_pearl_2x, #ffffff
experience_pearl_3x, #fffffa
experience_pearl_4x, #fcffca
experience_pearl_5x, #faffbf
experience_pearl_6x, #f4ffb2
experience_pearl_7x, #eeffa2
experience_pearl_8x, #e0ff8d
feather_angel_ring, #ffffe3
feather_wing, #ffffff
flame_lily, #ffffa5
flame_lily_seeds, #ffffff
gold_angel_ring, #fff59e
gold_opinium_core, #ffffc3
gold_wing, #ffc24d
golden_lasso, #ffffd9
healing_axe, #d2dee3
infused_boots, #8ad32f
infused_chestplate, #9be132
infused_helmet, #87d232
infused_leggings, #8cd434
iron_opinium_core, #fffeff
kikoku, #ffffff
magical_egg, #ffffff
nether_star_opinium_core, #ffffff
netherite_opinium_core, #b1c9c9
peacock_angel_ring, #ffebdd
peacock_wing, #d9edff
precision_shears, #ddf0f2
reversing_hoe, #d2dde3
speed_upgrade, #ffee98
the_final_opinium_core, #ffffff
unstable_boots, #6ea5ab
unstable_chestplate, #76bcb9
unstable_helmet, #6ca1aa
unstable_ingot, #f0ffff
unstable_leggings, #6fa5ab
